dev/reference/security: update description about "grant" to a non-exist user (#1229)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/security/privilege-system.md

```sql
mysql> select @@sql_mode;                                                                                                                                                                             +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| @@sql_mode                                                                                                                                |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

mysql> set @@sql_mode='ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION';
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)

mysql> SELECT * FROM mysql.user WHERE user='idontexist';
Empty set (0.00 sec)

> mysql> GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON test.* TO 'xxxx'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY 'yyyyy';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mysql> GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON test.* TO 'idontexist';
```

Reviewer: The lines below will also need editing: 
```
SELECT user,host FROM mysql.user WHERE user='xxxx';  (and the result)
In this example, `xxxx@%` is the user that is automatically created.
```

GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON *.* TO 'xxx'@'%';
```

> If the granted user does not exist, TiDB will not automatically create a user by default. This beahavior follows `NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER` in SQL Mode. If `NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER` is deleted from SQL Mode, TiDB will automatically create a user when the granted user does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the granted user does not exist, TiDB will not automatically create a user by default. This behavior can be changed by un-setting the `NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER` SQL Mode. This is **not recommended** since it presents a security risk: miss-spelling a username will result in a new user created with an empty password.
```

```sql
mysql> select @@sql_mode;                                                                                                                                                                             +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| @@sql_mode                                                                                                                                |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

mysql> set @@sql_mode='ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION';
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)

> mysql> SELECT * FROM mysql.user WHERE user='xxxx';

Reviewer: We should make it clearer that the user doesn't exist. I suggest changing to:

```suggestion
mysql> SELECT * FROM mysql.user WHERE user='idontexist';
```
This will make the next lines also change to (note that I've also removed the `IDENTIFIED BY` to highlight the security issue. It is also not recommended to combine authentication + authorization into the same statements):

```
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON test.* TO 'idontexist';
```
and:
```
SELECT user,host,password FROM mysql.user WHERE user='idontexist';
```
